but when it comes to energy stuff and
climate stuff because we are still the
world's biggest economy there is still
no more important decision maker than
the United States of America when it
comes to these things and at this point
with our current leadership most of what
the rest of the world is doing on this
subject when it comes to us is they're
laughing at us and occasionally taunting
us windmills if it doesn't blow you can
forget about television for that night
mr. president I want to present you to
the greatest deal you have ever seen it
is so great that I thought I might
actually get your attention by standing
here next to this bird killing cancer
causing blackout generating wind energy
producing beasts here my name is e de
algún I'm member of the Danish
Parliament and now that you're here
let's talk about the deal okay it's
about cheap energy and saving the
climate here's an example the North Sea
region that you see on top of Europe can
produce twice as much electricity as all
the coal-fired power plants of Europe
combined and look it's smaller than
Nebraska imagine the possibilities in
all of your great United States of
America oh yeah darling I want to watch
television I'm sorry the wind isn't
blowing oh yeah the blackouts don't
worry about your TV dinners and movie
nights in Denmark where most of our
electricity comes from wind we have on
average 15 minutes of blackouts every
year whereas in u.s. with all your
coal-fired plants you go dark on average
two hours every year our country is in
serious trouble so mr. president we all
know you can do this just grab your pen
sign a deal and let's save the climate
that's the sea on top of Europe just
that was released in the last few days
by a member of the Danish Parliament and
you know in normal circumstances that
might be the sort of thing that might
get Americans backs up in defense of our
president right however much we have
internal disagreement and you know
dissension in terms of our own feelings
about our own leaders usually you'd
expect you know maybe even a broad swath
of Americans to feel bad about some
politician from some other country
making fun of our president in this way
in this case it's a little harder for us
to get there because our president
really did just cancel a trip to that
country to Denmark because he complained
that country's leadership did not want
to talk to him about him buying
Greenland and I really don't want to
talk about Donald Trump suggesting that
he could do that and you know that he
that he wants to buy just but separate
and apart from the insanity of that
entire concept I mean he really did just
cancel a trip to Denmark because he said
they weren't gonna talk to him about the
u.s. buying Greenland and he said that
right after he publicly insisted that he
wasn't going to Denmark to talk to them
about buying Greenland and again whether
or not you care about the incredibly
insane idea that the US would buy
Greenland how is it that a US president
says no I don't want that and then says
oh yes I want that and I'm canceling my
international trip because I didn't get
it right no matter the subject of the
stupidity or insanity of the original
subject that's sort of a hundred and
eighty degree turn from an American
president is honestly nuts him saying no
I don't want that yes I want that I'm
canceling my trip because I didn't get
that I thought you said you didn't want
that my earlier statement is inoperative
I don't acknowledge I made my earlier
statement what are we talking about it's
Greenland I mean I know we've gotten
used to this kind of thing but it is
nuts
it was also nuts this weekend at the g7
when President Trump was asked if he
attended the meeting at the g7 that was
about climate the president responded by
saying that that meeting had not yet
happened yet that it was going to be
next
the next thing like the next thing in
the future in fact the meeting had
already happened and he just hadn't been
there then the White House press
secretary put out a formal statement
explaining that the reason the president
hadn't gone to the climate session was
not because it was still in the future
as far as he was concerned but instead
because at the time of the climate
meeting he was busy he was having
bilateral meetings with the leaders of
India and Germany
well here's a picture of the climate
meeting that he didn't go to there's the
leader of Germany in the purple there
that's the leader of India in the black
the Indian and German leaders were there
President Trump didn't skip the climate
meeting so he could meet with the two of
them they were at that meeting had he
been meeting with them he'd have to do
it there cuz that's where they were he's
the only one who wasn't there his empty
chair is there instead it was also nuts
when the president was asked by a
reporter at the g7 mr. president any
second thoughts on escalating the troit
trade war with China and he answered
yeah sure why not
the reporter followed up second thoughts
yes
the president said might as well might
as well the reporter tried again you
have second thoughts about escalating
the war with China president's response
I have second thoughts about everything
at which point somebody distantly in the
room started laughing out loud because
they couldn't control themselves I mean
if this were anybody involved in you in
the United States government in any
official capacity who spoke this way
publicly at an international gathering
like this right their colleagues or
their superiors or at least security
would like lift them up by the armpits
and rush them out the door right until
they could be revived or given medical
treatment in this case it's the
President and everybody goes okay I
guess their new line is American
president has second thoughts about
everything when the president doesn't
show up for meetings we'll just make
stuff up about it that meeting having
not happened or him having been
somewhere where he wasn't after the
president told reporters explicitly he
was having second thoughts about his new
tariffs on China the administration had
to figure out what they were gonna do
with that one right I have second
thoughts about everything they quickly
mounted this sort of cleanup effort 3:02
p.m. Larry Kudlow went on CNN to explain
that maybe the president had just given
that answer to reporters because he
didn't really know what the question was
maybe that's a good explanation so the
president said that he's having second
thoughts about escalating the trade war
why
well look if I can reinterpret that I
mean he spoke to us he didn't exactly
hear the question
I could reinterpret that he didn't he
that was 302 p.m. by 304 p.m. it was the
Treasury secretary on Fox News also
trying to explain away whatever it was
the president just said about his second
thoughts and how he he didn't really
mean that at all whatever it was he said
he didn't mean it or he didn't hear the
question or if he did hear the question
his answer shouldn't be reinterpreted
without me here to tell you what he
might have met but the following morning
the president was back inform apparently
making this up completely out of whole
cloth China called last night you
received a phone call from China from
the Chinese government this is big news
are you sure there were no calls
actually there were no calls at least
according to China China Chinese
government said they are unaware of
whatever these mystery calls are that
the president is claiming to have
received from the Chinese government on
Sunday night they're like I don't know
who called you or who they said they
were but wasn't us did you really think
it was us who told you we got calls did
you think you took the call do you
remember putting the phone to your face
and talking into it was it was there
anybody there I mean in the space of 30
seconds singer he goes from being a call
that we got last night to two calls and
very good calls China says it was no
calls and China would know since that's
who's supposedly called the White House
has been unable to produce any evidence
to contradict what China China says
about its own behavior the much more
likely explanation here is that the
President of the United States really
does just frequently say stuff that
doesn't mean anything about what has
actually happened in the world and that
he either believes stuff has happened
when it hasn't happened or he just makes
it up and
you care that it didn't happen and
assumes no one will check and I think if
we're gonna be honest about this it's
not a psychological profile at this
point it's now the way the the US
government is running it's not just him
I mean this has been going on long
enough now that he's got the White House
staff making stuff up as well
quote US officials called several
members of the traveling White House
press on Saturday afternoon speaking
anonymously the officials claimed it was
only on US insistence that there would
be a summit session on economics and
trade at all so US government officials
during the g7 summit this weekend on
Saturday afternoon called up reporters
and said this you know this g7 is so
stupid they weren't going to be talking
about trade or economics at all until we
the US government insisted this claim by
anonymous White House officials was
quote undermined by the existence of
earlier drafts of the g7 agenda which
all had such a session included so the
president just makes stuff up
the White House staff just makes stuff
up to sometimes to cover up for lies the
president is told to try to make them
seem true but sometimes they just tell
lies of their own accord
the Washington Post's overview piece
about the g7 this weekend describes
these last few days as a quote lens into
the president's unorthodox mind that is
a very generous way to put it they
described his quote flummoxing
flummoxing moves that have rattled the
markets and his own staff some of the
things the president publicly lied about
this weekend appear to be just
completely unforced errors not just lies
but lying non sequiturs I mean here's
one the White House has tried to clean
up just because it was so weird and also
because the first lady has staff that
answer to her and so sometimes stuff
about her has to get cleaned up I mean
look at the headline near White House
clarifies that Melania Trump has not met
Kim jong-un what yeah Trump just
volunteered to reporters apropos of
nothing this weekend the first lady has
gotten to know Kim jong-un and I think
she would agree with me he's a man with
a country that has tremendous potential
quote as Trump mentioned his wife a
camera cut to Melania in the audience
who cocked her head slightly and looked
somewhat quizzically at the president
several hours later as the president the
first lady flew back to Washington the
White House press secretary issued a
statement that came with a tiny souvenir
bucket and mop for those whose job it is
to send out stuff like this all the time
now that's not true about the bucket and
mop but the statement is real this is
the statement while the first lady has
not met Kim joggin the president feels
like she's gotten to know him imagine if
that is your job just like that the
president feels like she's gotten to
know him
therefore true I mean like imagine if
your job is just to clean up to send up
stuff like that to clean up statements
like this like not just for I don't know
what like your crazy uncle who by you
know some probate accident ended up
running your otherwise totally normal
family business and you have to bide
your time because nobody can get rid of
him for a while and so when he says
crazy stuff we just have to pretend like
he's not really here I mean I guess I
could imagine it being that nuts but
this is for the most powerful government
and largest economy in the world and the
guy who is running that government while
the first lady hasn't met him the
president feels like she's gotten to
know him the president did however
become his most lucid self when he hit
upon the idea that when it becomes
America's turn next year to host the g7
that should definitely happen at one of
his private clubs for sure
not kidding Doral we have a series of
magnificent buildings we call them
bungalows they each hold from 50 to 70
very luxurious rooms with magnificent
views we have incredible conference
rooms incredible restaurants it's like
it's like such a natural and we have
many hundreds of acres so that in terms
of parking in terms of all of the things
that you need
the ballrooms are among the biggest in
Florida and the best the biggest
ballrooms
the best ballrooms in Florida the best
ballrooms in Florida also that I
mentioned our parking facilities were
very nearby the airport our bungalows
have very luxurious views I mean
needless to say if the President did do
this and decided that his privately
owned for profit business would be the
host of the next g7 that would in effect
be forcing other countries governments
to pay him and his family in order to
attend the g7 and that among other
things would be fantastically
unconstitutional but nevertheless I kid
you not today the official White House
Twitter feed repackaged those lucid and
even excited comments by the president
at his otherwise shockingly incoherent
international appearance over these last
few days they they clipped and captioned
those comments as an official
announcement look it's the White House
Twitter feed not this is not real Donald
Trump right the White House Twitter feed
quote President Donald Trump shares the
location of the next g7 summit hosted by
the United States so the White House
White House staff is officially
announcing that this wasn't just like
the president slipping a little more and
landing in his mind on a real estate
brochure where he's frankly more
comfortable according to the White House
that really was the President of the
United States announcing that his his
family's private club is going to host
the g7 and all those other countries who
want to send delegations because it's
the g7 we'll have to pay him and his
family in order to attend next year one
country per bungalow you can just pay
Don jr. at the door or Ivanka you know
in fact let's make this easy leave the
check with any of my children also try
the veal I mean this would be this would
be a very funny movie if this were about
something fake it would be great if this
was fake but this is a snail and it
apparently this is something from which
nobody like wakes up
we move on this is just what we have to
do on a day to day basis and figure out
how to deal with it
moving forward more ahead stay with us
hey there are misses for MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos